Hello,

The primary purpose of this file is to outline the chain of commands that reflects the structure of the various modules.

Initization:

Master Commander first falls into a initization state.
This cause it to send a initizaltion command to the dispatcher.
The dispatcher sends a initialize command to the motion dispatcher and the sensor dispatcher.
The dispatcher sends a initialization command to each of the motion modules.
At this point, each motion module will signal via ???.
The dispatcher will aggegate these responses and send a message back to the master commander.

Validation Gate:

Go forward for 5 m.

The master commander gives a go straight for 5? m to the dispatcher.
The dispatcher sends a +5 m command to the motion dispatcher.
The +5 m is converted to a 3D point???
The 3D point is send to the path generator.
This set of points is sequencely stepthrough by the motion dispatcher.
The PID loop runs in the motion dispatcher, reading form the sensors and setting the outputs.
Once the set of points is exhusted, the motion dispatcher signals to the dispatcher.
The dispatcher then signals to the mater commander that the task is finished.

Go to Training (Bouy):

Perform Traffic light:

- Identify the board with targets (visual?)
- Match the board colors with the given target-colors (also visual)
- Locate the hole(s) that we need to fire through
- Line up the sub to be able to shoot the torpedo(es) (ie aim)
       Side note here: how close can we get? point blank would be ideal...
- Actually fire the torpedoes

Go to Parking:

Perform Parking:

- Identify the bottom of the bar
- Move n meters to clear the bar
- Track the light
- If we know the pulse time, track the time until it turns green, otherwise trigger on green light.
- Move forward at full speed for t second to get through

Got to Gladiator Ring:

Perform Gladiator Ring:


Go to E Tu Brute:

Perfrm E Tu Brute:



Go to Feed Emperor Grapes:

Perform Emperor Grapes:



Go to Laurel Wreath:

Perfrom Laurel Wreath:
